Add support for metric filters (#2766)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/guides/cloud_integrations_guide.html.markdown

* newrelic_account_id: The New Relic account you want to link to AWS. This account will receive all the data observability from your AWS environment.
* newrelic_account_region: The region of your New Relic account, this can be `US` for United States or `EU` for Europe. (Default `US`)
* name: A unique name used throughout the module to name the resources.

> * exclude_metric_filters (optional): a map of namespaces and metric names to exclude from the Cloudwatch metric stream. `Conflicts with include_metric_filters`.
> * include_metric_filters (optional): a map of namespaces and metric names to include in the Cloudwatch metric stream. `Conflicts with exclude_metric_filters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `exclude_metric_filters` (Optional): A map of namespaces and metric names to exclude from the Cloudwatch Metric Stream.
* `include_metric_filters` (Optional): A map of namespaces and metric names to include in the Cloudwatch Metric Stream.
  * _Please note that `exclude_metric_filters` and `include_metric_filters` conflict with each other._
```

a tiny cosmetic correction :)
